S:Now in our current vignette, the team at Great Lakes exchanges (tips on tipping). This is a subject that often stirs up debate in the United States. Melinda Kinkaid mentioned that even (seasoned business travelers) are sometimes unclear about tipping rules. How about you Susan?
I:Well, I definitely sympathise with Jack Wakimoto. He has just moved into a new condo in a nice building and is worried about potential tipping (gaffes). My friends and Family in New York have shared similar concerns, as the practice may vary slighly depending on your neighborhood, the type of building you live in and other factors. I'm happy not have to worry about that here in Tokyo. As for traveling within the United States, Melinda is absolutely right. There are many travelers who aren't quit sure about how much to tip in certain situations.
S:Pearson talked about his own set of (tipping ground rules) for business travel. He mentioned how much he tips baggage porters and housekeeping staff. Do you have a similar set of rules?
I:Yes, quite similar. I usually leave $2 per night for the housekeeping staff if I'm staying in a standard hotel room. If I'm staying in a larger room or suite, I leave $4 or $5 depending on the size of the room.I can relate to what Paul was saying about having (a stash of 1 dollar bills on hand). I've had moments in the morning when I realize I have no ones and have to rush down to the front desk to make change in order to leave a proper tip. When it comes to baggage, I'm a bit of a (cheapskate). I prefer to take my bags to my room on my own unless I'm weighed down with unusually large amount of baggages. If I do accept the system, so I pay a dollar per bag. But frankly I'd rather take just my bags myself.
S:Jack Wakimoto mentioned an interesting (predicament) with Japanese restaurants in the United States. He noted that his local sushi bar had a big sign in Japanese reminding Japanese customers to tip.
I:Yes, I can see how Japanese customers might forget if they are in familiar surroundings. It would be easy to revert to Japanese and assume the service fee is included in the price of the dinner itself.Jack also said that restaurants occasionally include (the gratuity charge) on the bill. I visit many restaurants that have a policy about (automatic gratuities) for large groups of 8 people or more. In many cities popular with international tourists restaurants will include the service charge to make sure that their international guests: Don't forget U.S. tipping practices. Unfortunately when paying by credit card, you may see an (automatic gratuity charge) and then another line below that with space for another tip. I was surprised to see that and thought it was misleading. An American customer would recognize that as an opportunity to pay a slightly higher tip. For example, the (automatic gratuity or service charge) may have been set 17%. But the customer may want to add enough to bring the total to 20%. International tourists may not catch that and may inadvertently tip double the normal amount.

