Strike up a conversation::Begin a conversation Umemura means. "(Strike up) a friendship" is also  used a great deal. You could say, "He and I (strike up ) a friendship at the sales conference last month".
Don't sweat it:: Another way to say "Don't worry about it". It is also very common to say "(Sweat) something". For example, she is really (sweating) her presentations. She has to give it in front of the vice president of marketing. Or she is not (sweating) her presentation. She knows the material and she has had lots of time to practise. 
Nine out of ten people::Rather than an actual percentage. Breakstone is using "(nine out of ten) to mean "almost all", "the vast majority". Lately (nine out of ten people) use some kind of digital device during their daily commute.
At one's fingertips::When something is (at our fingertips). It is right at hand. We can access it qickly and easily. I love my smartphone because it puts the Internet, books, videos and games right (at my fungertips). And it does not have to be something you physically access. Imagine someone who is extramely well-infomed about the Japanese economy. He can cite many different facts and statistics from memory. He has an enomous amount of information ( at his fingertips).
At all costs::This means no matter how much difficulty, effort or expense is involved, no matter what. So a company might need to improve it's sales (at all costs).
Out of place::Breakstone means it is common to feel like one does not belong somewhere. I might feel (out of place) at an event where evetybody else was very knowledgeable about computer technology.They'd be  discussing things that I could not understand. "(Out of place)" can also mean "inappropriate" or "wrong" for a certain situation or place. People in different industries tend to dress differently, for example. I'd imagine that flashy, eccentric clothes would be (out of place) in a bank.
Come out of one's shell::When a person (comes out of therir shell) they become more sociable, more fridendly. We also bring someone (out of their shell). For example, she hopes playing soccer will bring her daughter (out of her shell).
Get over oneself::Breakstone is using this expression to mean "overcome", "conquer some personal characteristic that is hindering us". Imagine someone who is very nervous about making mistakes. They lose sleep over it, they are very tense. A colleage could say, "He has got to (get ovet himself). All this worring is not helping him". We also use this expression in compeletely opposite situations. When someone thinks too highly of themselves, or behaves in a conceited or arrogant way, if someone in your office is always lecturing eveyone else, always praising their own achievements. You might think, "Oh, (get over yourself)".
  
