(Wallflower):When talking about people, this express originally refer to women sitting by a wall at parties because they had no one dance with. Nowaday it is more broadly applied. It means someone who does not join in the activity of an event who hangs on the sidelines. Or shy, reserved in general. For example, Marry is a bit of a (wallflower). She hadly ever speaks up in meetings. Or John is no (wallflower). He walked right up to the president of the company and introduced himself.
(In one's DNA):Breakstone is using this to mean something is an inherent part of our nature. Schemoozing is not (in her DNA). So it is not part of her inherent personality. (In one's DNA) is also used to refer to interests and talents etc. That turn in a family or nationality or somehthing generically connecter group. You could say It is not surprising Tom became a doctor. His father, uncle and grandfather were doctors too. 
(Get the ball rollng):The image here is pretty clear. To (get the ball rolling) is to start some enterprise undertaking as if you start ( a ball rolling) on the floor. Let's say, you want to obtain a qualification to boost your career. You could (get the ball rolling) by singing up for a class.
(Comfort zone):A (comfort zone) is an area, a situation in which someone feels comfortable, confident in control. Peoople are often out of their (comfort zone) when they travel to a foreign country for the first time. Someone propoted to their first management position might be out of their (comfort zone).
(Try that on for size):This expression uses the image of tying on clothing to see if it fits. Breakstone means tyr something, and see how it goes, see if it suits you. You could say, "I think I will (try Yoga on for size), see if it is beneficial.
(Keep one's head above water):The image is managing not to drown.Breakstone is using this expression to mean manage to keep up with something such as work, or other demands. You might say "I am really busy lately. I have to fo a lot of overtime just to (keep my head above water). It is also used to mean manage to survive financially. He took a second job to (keey the family's head above water).
(Tried-and-true):This means something has been used or done and proven itself to be effective, reliable. The company has stuck with it's (tried-and-true) marketing strategy. Or diversifying one's investments is often described as a (tried-and-true) financial strategy.
(Jog someone's memory):In addition to run, the verb can also mean to give something a slight push or shale. And (jog someone's memory) uses this metaphorically to mean stimulate your memory. So you will nudding your memory. Imagine two weeks have pasted since a meeting, you might look at your notes to (jog your memory) about exactly what were said.

