(oddball):Umemura uses (oddball) as a noun to mean someone who is (strange),(peculiar),(misfit). It can also be adective. For example that was as (oddball) presentation. The presenter started singing in the middle.
(Fish out of water):(Fish) are not supposed to be (out of water) of course. So  this idiom refer to  a person who is doing activities or in an environment that is not usual for them. And ther feel (uncomfortable), they (struggle) as a result. I would centerinly be a (fish out of water) if I was assigned to cover scienfic developments. I know very lettle about that.
(Do not get me wong):Umemura means "Do not disinterpret) what I am saying". To be a little bit more formal he could have said "please do not (misunderstand me)".
(Not to worry):This is another way to say "Do not worry. It is OK". Imagine you are going to an appointment and your colleage is concerned you will be late, you could reply ;(Not to worry). It is just around the corner. We will make it".
(Be stressed out):Someone who is (steressed out) is under a lot of stress, a lot of tension. You could say "I am (sterssed out) about my presentation". for example. I am worring about it a good deal or "My presentation is (stressing me out)". Likewise we can use "(be knocked out)" or "(be wiped out)" to mean very tired, exhausted. For example, we are been walking around this electronic show for four hours. I am (knocked out). Or "After 5 hours Karaoke, I was (wiped out).
(Be plunged into):Breastone means that Umemura was suddenly cast into a certain situation or condition. I would say usually refers to (a negative situation) or condition, such as stock markets were (plunged into) turmoil by the bank is collapse. Or "The whole world was (plunged into) darkness by the blackout.
(Born introvert):Umemura is using (born) for mean have a natural inherent tendency or ability for something. A person can be a (born) leader , a (born) writet. I prsonally am a (born) warrior.
(Be hard on someone):Breakstone is using this to mean criticize or deal with someone severely. Something like, our boss was vary (hard on) Susan about her mistake. He lectured her to be more careful for 20 minutes.
(On one's way up the corporate ladder):Breakstone means that Umemura is moving up, rising in the business world. We also refer to the (bottom of the ladder) and the (top of the ladder), meaning the lowest and highest levels of something. For example, new employees just out of colleage usually have to start at the (bottom of the ladder).

